hello YouTube what is up right now I am
talking into these samsung note 18 right
now I'm talking into the iPhone 10 today
we're going to be exploring Central Park
with so peeps we got my mom and we got
my boyfriend Jonathas we're gonna have
some fun we're gonna compare these
cameras and that's not quite in this
video I want you guys to guess so take
some notes I will say right off the bat
the note 8 is so cool in terms of
temperature and the iPhone is always
pretty darn warm and of course this is
going to provide a flatter image opposed
to the iPhone that's gonna add in some
saturation and contrast a little office
update we've just been building so much
building
[Music]
alright guys so we're out here in
Central Park I was scared that all of
the leaves would be gone but it's still
stunning it's just beautiful there's
still a lot of time for the leaves to
fall and become yellow so I'm shooting
at a camera right now you don't know if
it's the iPhone or the Samsung so I want
you to vote right now which selfie
camera is this then here's the other
camera can vote now at the top corner of
the screen which one is this you vote
okay I'll wait so the first one was the
iPhone and this one is the note
thank you for participating in my own
you know I have your back you know I
have your back
hey guys here we go guys
see was crevasse I see it go I'm about
to part four jump it 60 frames per
second
get him
[Music]
my Don is the filmography the wedding
filmography are you transferring into a
wedding film trying okay this is another
guessing round what phone is this guess
guys the top corner of the screen you
got five seconds this is the next phone
what phone is this go ahead and guess
the top screen if you guess that this
one was the iPhone 10 no don't don't
this is the note age how do you know if
you guess that this one is the note
eight you're right congratulations you
win a car did you run the club you may
lost down below with your PayPal
information and your password
yes which one do you think looks better
Jonathan tbh
why is the notes so bright right I know
I guess a pause the image stabilization
is it good I'm running is it good I'm
running
[Music]
just got back from Central Park but we
somehow ended up at Container Store is
getting beat up for our office but
someone like which is at Container Store
already eat crisps although this is low
light I would say it's very dark outside
a nice two shots are shot with the rear
camera so we should be getting optimal
4k goodness how is it looking John okay
can you guys see Chris so this is the
iPhone low light
super low life no illumination from the
store
tap at the office and if you're new
around here hi my name is Sarah dici
Bramson CG you could smash that
subscribe button if you're new around
here
thanks get creative and fun I've been
rolling around the two phones because
honestly the iPhone and the Samsung Note
/ galaxy are my favorite I would say
right now out there I know there's a lot
of Google pixel XL to XL fans out there
but after I like address some of the
audio issues and the screen is kind of a
mess I think I'm gonna wait until the
next iteration to really play around
with it these are the phones have stood
for and the cameras that I am stoked for
although the Google pixels to portrait
selfie mode is pretty good I have to
give it that but yeah we're moving into
an office right now
that's why things are crazy I'm gonna
like the footage and then I'm gonna have
some final thoughts for you guys that's
so it is the next day I have checked out
the footage in between the note 8 and
the iPhone 10 I always say the main two
reasons why I am so sucked into the
iPhone is not just because I'm a part of
the Apple ecosystem but because of two
things
I am messages the ease of answering the
messages on all of my devices a virtuous
airdrop the fact I can airdrop to anyone
with an iPhone who is close to me
regardless of real signal or not you
know via the Bluetooth magic it's epic
and just transferring a few pictures or
videos from my phone to my laptop and
vice versa it's nice but I will say
there is quite a bit of difficulty when
it comes to transferring large files
last night I spent about four hours
trying to transfer very large video
files I would say like 2 to 4 gigs from
my iPhone 10 to my macbook I basically
played a strange my computer used image
capture and sometimes it just doesn't
like large files you have to restart the
process and it's it's a whole thing the
process did speed up once I finally
found a lightning to USB connector so go
directly into my computer without any
dongles when it comes to the note 8 the
best part about this is it has removable
storage that means you can put a microSD
in this phone the problem came into
where I shot the footage and pictures on
my phone itself so when it came to
transferring for some reason I tried to
connect this phone to my computer so
many different ways but Android file
transfer it just didn't work however
comma the problem got solved when I
realize you can just still put in a
microSD into this phone and then you can
go in and actually transfer the files to
the microSD card and then just take out
microSD card into your computer so as
you can see is pretty simple it splits
up your storage in between your phone
and the SD card so if you literally just
click on the card you can see everything
that is in here so what I did to move it
onto the SD just go to images I select
all of them went to move and then I just
move it to the SD card I'm gonna create
a folder and say pictures and then boom
it is on the SD card I'm just gonna put
it in my computer and that's how I have
my files now you guys who have used
Android phones for a while and you know
this idea of expandable storage via the
microSD shuffling files in between each
isn't something new and me going through
those steps is like dosser a doll but I
have a feeling a lot of you guys are
familiar with the iPhone and there are
some things on Android like that that's
actually pretty useful and Samsung has
made a very clean and understandable UI
so you can see where things are you can
transfer things ready painlessly
I've been looking a lot of the pictures
and video that I've taken with these two
phones and I'm going to share a little
bit more insight on the differences and
little quirks but before I get into that
and maybe you specifically watching
aren't super interested in those
specifics I will say this all phones
nowadays shoot great pictures and video
at some point they're all just kind of
got a level off and be the same I think
we're very close now there are a few
things that maybe like slow motion
betters you're gonna go with the iPhone
there's more
it's for slo-mo maybe with the Android
phones but the Samsung phones you have
removable storage that's huge but a lot
of these are starting to look very
similar
I love new cameras I love new technology
but I'm gonna be honest can I be honest
with you guys for a second I'm a little
sick of phone comparisons but I always
find myself watching them and making
them because they are so relevant
everyone has a phone in their pocket so
these are still very useful but I will
say to the content creators out there
you can get extremely nice cameras
cameras with interchangeable lenses much
more versatility and just a downright
better image for maybe the same price as
a phone around the thousand dollar point
or maybe even double that around two
thousand dollars you can get so many
clutch cameras doing all these fun
reviews and actually acquiring more
phones
it's almost motivated me more to really
take out my nice point-and-shoots
and cameras like my a 7s2 with
interchangeable lenses the bottom line
is you want the best image in a
reasonable size for a decent price for
me when it comes to a phone it's
basically what can be the best possible
second shooter when for some reason I
don't have my fancy camera on I can whip
that out so what's the best tool for
Instagram stories for quick clips on
Twitter etc basically this little rant
is just me saying we should take out our
big fancy cameras that are sitting on
the shelves maybe more honestly I feel
like this is just me giving advice to me
okay let see if I get into it I put 10
first note 8 the playback experience on
the note 8 is actually a quite lovely
one by swiping up or down on the left or
right side to adjust brightness and
volume however a problem with a note 8
is how they bury some of the most
important settings if you want to shoot
slow-motion more than 60 frames per
second and 1080 you have to turn it on
to slow-motion mode which will kick you
to 720 at 240 frames per second but you
have to swipe to the right on your note
a to access that and I had no clue that
is
where that was until I had to google it
now the note 8 does do a good job of
switching in between frame rates other
than slow motion with the gear notch at
the top those settings are actually
buried in your iPhone settings
speaking of slow motion the iPhone 10
and the iPhone 8 does have more
versatility and better options you can
shoot 4k and 60 frames per second on the
iPhone 10 and 8 on the note 8 you can
only shoot 60 frames per second at 1080
and then you only have the option of 240
frames per second in 720 you don't even
have that 120 option a huge
disappointment when looking at the
footage after the fact was the note 8
has major issues when it comes to either
image stabilization or it even looks
like there's a little bit of a rolling
shutter type effect when you're walking
with the thumb check out the differences
of me
walking in Central Park you can tell the
iPhone maybe isn't as sharp but its
handling me walking so much better the
note 8 is so wobbly no one wants the
wobble the iPhone footage is always
going to be warmer but you have the
flatter image on the note 8 if you're
wondering how they held up with color
grading the footage at the very
beginning with some more side-by-side
comparisons didn't have any color
grading is straight from the phone but
more of the montages stuff and Central
Park had had a little bit of my color
touch on it
all of this was shot and 4k other than
the footage from the note 8 and 60
frames per second slo-mo it had to be
you know 1080 but I just scaled that up
in terms of some of the pictures that I
took all of the pictures look really
really good they look great I think it
comes down to personal preference iPhone
typically has more of that kind of
greenish more contrast II look
especially when you're shooting things
not directly in the Sun or when your
subjects are backlit I think the note 8
colors are more true to a real life in
those situations however I kind of like
the iPhone portrait mode picture is
better but again I think when it comes
down to pictures it's real
personal preference because they're both
they're both great I know that was a lot
but hopefully if you are legitimately
curious between the iPhone 10 and eat
note 8 those really are the flagships of
Apple and Samsung I hope this helped
bottom line guys is just get out there
and shoot document it's fun stuff maybe
I should add the disclaimer because all
of you conspiracy theorists love to say
that youtubers are secretly paid by
Apple or Samsung I am not paid by either
of them historically I have mainly use
iPhones even though there was a time my
life for two years I used a Samsung
Galaxy my needs seemed to fit the Apple
and iPhone ecosystem what do you guys
think
you shoot Samsung's you shoot with the
Google pixel how are you feeling about
the iPhone 10 please let me know in the
comments down below thank you so much
for joining me make sure to hit that
subscribe button for new videos every
single week Tech creativity and vlogs
New York City I got a little bit
everything here so let me know if you
like this video hit subscribe button
down below
and until next time guys stay peachy
okay
[Music]